
NEED TO HAVE

X	As a visitor, I want to see a directory of the restaurants available.
X	As a visitor, when I click on a restaurant, I want to be able to see:
  		address
  		neighbourhood
  		price range
  		summary
X	As a visitor, I want to sign up for a customer account so that I can make reservations online. 

As a customer, I want to be able to make a reservation online.


FRIDAY, SEPT 11 -- To-do's
- Update restaurant#show 
- Create a reservation link
- Create reservation view 





SHOULD HAVE

As a customer, I want to receive an email confirmation after I've made a reservation.
As the restaurant owner, I want to see the list of the weeks reservations.
As a visitor, I would like to be able to view restaurants based on their cuisine category (e.g. Italian). This can be down with a drop-down menu using collection_select.
 As a customer, I want to see menu



COULD HAVE

As a customer, I want to receive loyalty points when I make a reservation.
As a customer, I want to see my loyalty points in my account profile.
As the restaurant owner, I want to see my customer list with how many points each person has and how much they have spent online.




ASSUMPTIONS

A restaurant can only be open from 11am - 8pm, 7 days a week.
A restaurant can only hold 100 people in any given time slot.
A reservation can be for a party of 2 to 20 people.



User
* first_name.string
* last_name.string
* email.string
* password_digest.string

Reservation
* user_id.id
* restaurant_id.id
* dinner_time.datetime
* party_size.integer

Restaurant
* user_id (owner).id
* address.string
* neighbourhood..string
* price_range.integer
* Summary.text
* open_time.datetime
* close_time.datetime
* capacity.integer
